[ZT] Add Gateway policy examples (#8472)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/api-terraform/_index.md

# API and Terraform

> This section covers a few common use cases with the API and Terraform to manage Cloudflare Zero Trust. For specific API documentation, please see [api.cloudflare.com](https://api.cloudflare.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section covers a few common use cases with the API and Terraform to manage Cloudflare Zero Trust. For more information, refer to our [API documentation](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/) and [Terraform reference guide](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/cloudflare/cloudflare/latest/docs).
```
